Improve installation documentation (#637)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: versioned_docs/version-2.x/magento2/installation.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Installation
description:
  Front-Commerce applications requires a Front-Commerce module to be installed
  in Magento2. This guide explains how to install and configure it.
---

<p>{frontMatter.description}</p>

## Module compatibility

> The Magento2 module is compatible with Magento2 2.3.2 to 2.4.5-p1 (Open Source,
> Commerce and B2B). To use respectively Commerce or B2B specific features, you
> need to install and setup [the Front-Commerce's Magento2 Commerce
> module](/docs/2.x/magento2/commerce#magento2-commerce-module-installation)
> or [the Front-Commerce's Magento2 B2B
> module](/docs/2.x/magento2/b2b#requirements).

Reviewer: **issue:** we try to have a single source of truth for versions compatibility: the "Release notes" page.

**suggestion:** replace versions with a link to that page

```suggestion
The Magento2 module is compatible with Magento2 Open Source,
Commerce and B2B (see supported versions [in our release notes](/docs/2.x/appendices/release-notes#latest-version)). To use respectively Commerce or B2B specific features, you
need to install and setup [the Front-Commerce's Magento2 Commerce
module](/docs/2.x/magento2/commerce#magento2-commerce-module-installation)
or [the Front-Commerce's Magento2 B2B
module](/docs/2.x/magento2/b2b#requirements).
```
